{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Georgia;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CIDM Neo represents the third phase of the Customer Identity and Data Management system.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first phase was CIDM Classic, written by Citec and hosted on their servers. It used Active Directory for account management, and an Oracle database for identity management and Evidence of Identity. It supported a limited number of identity fields, was costly to run, and did not use emerging standards such as Open Auth. Additionally, Citec indicated they did not wish to continue to maintain and support the solution.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A transition strategy was devised. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The second phase was to install a wrapper around CIDM Classic that supported REST APIs, Open Auth standard, and used Auth0 as the Authentication Broker. This allowed the agencies to migrate to the new APIs while a replacement product was developed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CIDM Neo is the replacement product for Classic and Wrapped. The customer facing APIs from Wrapped are still used in Neo. The original active directory QGA account from Classic was migrated to Auth0, with the proviso that no identity data would be stored in Auth0. The identity data is stored in a database in the AWS cloud. CIDM Neo can easily be extended for other authentication providers, the AWS cloud allows for high availability and high throughput.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Once all the agencies have moved to CIDM Neo, CIDM Classic and Wrapped will be decommissioned.}}