{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 admin/eoi api}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Package}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 : }{\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.eoi.controller.EoiApiController}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 POST "/admin/eoi/\{provider\}/verifications/\{verification_id\}/verify"}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Returns 200 if validation is successful. Retrieves the result of a Green Id verification process and records the result in the EOI database. As per Business requirements, only successful verifications are recorded. Fields that were confirmed or changed will be recorded. Any other fields will be discarded.  Provider + verification id + verification token + QID + verification status + verification result are logged, and an event is created.}
\par\plain \f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain \f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 POST "/admin/eoi/\{provider\}/verifications"}
\par\plain \f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Returns 200 if validation is successful. Resumption of EOI is out of scope for this phase. The Provider + QID + Verification ID + Verification Token are logged, an event is created, but nothing is written to the database.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 GET "/admin/eoi/\{provider\}/verifications"}
\par\plain \f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Returns 204 if valid request. Resumption of EOI is out of scope for this phase. Provider and QID (passed as a query parameter) are logged. No event is created, and no database access.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 POST "/admin/eoi/\{provider\}/verifications/\{verification_id\}/documents"}
\par\plain \f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Returns 202 if valid request.  Resumption of EOI is out of scope for this phase. Nothing is written to the database. Provider + QID + Verification Token + VerificationID + Document + Status are logged, and an event is created.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 POST "/admin/eoi/\{provider\}/verifications/\{verification_id\}/unsuccessful"}
\par\plain \f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Returns 202 if valid request.  Resumption of EOI is out of scope for this phase. Nothing is written to the database. Provider + VerificationID + Verification Token + QID + fail reason are logged, and an event is created.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0}