{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Package}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 : }{\f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.admin.account.controller.CustomerController}
\par\plain \f0\fs18\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 GET "/admin/accounts"}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Returns 200 if one or more accounts were found. Returns 204 if no matching account could be found. Search Accounts based on one of email or account_id, and return an account summary for each one.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 PUT "/admin/accounts/\{partner_id\}/\{partner_key\}/attribute_release"}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Returns 200 if a list of attributes to be shared was passed. Returns 204 if the share_always  field was passed.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Generates the attribute_release_token to confirm the customer has given consent to share their attributes to the given service in their current authentication session, or to update global sharing preference. An error will be returned if both attributes_released and share_always are passed.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 PUT "/admin/accounts/\{partner_id\}/\{partner_key\}/steppedup"}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Returns 200 if successful, along with the new AuthoricationStrength details. If the stepup method was }{\f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 "MOBILE"}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 , updates the Identity Mobile to the mobile number used. Generates an event of type }{\f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 "attributes_stored"}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 PUT "/admin/accounts/\{partner_id\}/\{partner_key\}/email"}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Returns 204 if successful, and updates the Account Management Email for an existing Account for the given Account Partner and Key. Generates an event of type }{\f3\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 "attributes_stored"}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 . It also creates a verification entry for the modified email field.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  }}