{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Georgia;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red251\green4\blue7;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Package}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 : }{\f3\fs18\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.customer.controller.CustomerAttributesController}
\par\plain \f3\fs18\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f4\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 GET "/customer_attributes"}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Returns 200 if successful. Retrieves requested list of Customer Attributes (both self asserted and authoritative attributes). May require an AttributeReleaseToken depending on Sharing Preference and the attributes requested. Will sign attributes if requested. GET protocol has a length restriction on the list of attributes requested. (This restriction is browser dependent).}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 If the request requested attributes to be signed, then an additional JWT will be returned that contains the requested attributes signed by a token signing service using the RSA256 algorithm.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f4\fs18\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 POST "/customer_attributes"}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf4 TODO}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Returns 200 if successful. Retrieves requested list of Customer Attributes (both self asserted and authoritative attributes). }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 May require an AttributeReleaseToken depending on Sharing Preference and the attributes requested. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Will sign attributes if requested. The POST protocol allows an extended list of attributes to be requested.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 If the request requested attributes to be signed, then an additional JWT will be returned that contains the requested attributes signed by a token signing service using the RSA256 algorithm.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  }}