{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2\fi-360\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2\fi-360\li1080\lin1080}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9642\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2\fi-360\li1440\lin1440}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2\fi-360\li1800\lin1800}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2\fi-360\li2160\lin2160}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9642\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2\fi-360\li2520\lin2520}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2\fi-360\li2880\lin2880}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9702\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2\fi-360\li3240\lin3240}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 idm_account}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 The idm_account table holds core information about an Account.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 An "Account" refers to someone\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s login account (e.g. Google, Microsoft, QGA) and not their CIDM Identity (which is identified by a QID).}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 Multiple Accounts can be linked to a single Identity.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.AccountRecord}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 idm_account_mapping}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 The Account Mapping table is used to link an Account to an Identity.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 Each Account will have at most one record in this table}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.AccountIdentityMappingRecord}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 idm_customer_addresses}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 The Customer Address table holds only Address records.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 There will be one record per QID per Address Type}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.CustomerAddressRecord}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.AddressDocument  (embedded document)}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 The values of fields in the AddressDocument are encrypted}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 idm_customer_attributes}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 The Customer Attributes table holds those Attributes specified in the }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 neo_identity_config.json}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2  file.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 There will be one record per QID per AttributeName}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 The attributes stored in this table are controlled by the Attribute Configuration file}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.CustomerAttributesRecord}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.CustomerAttribute (embedded document)}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 The value field in the CustomerAttribute document is encrypted}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 idm_encryption_keys}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 This table stores the encryption key for each QID. There will be one record per QID.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.EncryptionKeyRecord}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 idm_event_log}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 This table stores events logged to the database. There is no mapper class, but the DAO uses}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.api.model.}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 EventNotification}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2  for input and output}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 idm_identity_attributes}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 The Customer Identity Attributes table holds a limited set of core IdentityAttributes}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 There will be one record per QID and Attribute}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 Note: This table is NOT controlled by the }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 neo_identity_config.json}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2  file.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 This table currently has: GivenName, MiddleName, FamilyName, DateOfBirth, Picture}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.CustomerIdentityRecord}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.CustomerAttribute (embedded document)}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 The value field in the CustomerAttribute document is encrypted}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 idm_identity_core}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 The Identity table is the core record for an Identity. Most values stored here are not encrypted, since they are not identity values. }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ri-998\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2	\bullet 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 qid, }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2	\bullet 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 identityStatus, }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2	\bullet 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 identityMobile (encrypted), }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2	\bullet 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 iral, }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2	\bullet 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 dateCreated, }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2	\bullet 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 DateModified}
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.IdentityCoreRecord}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 idm_rsa_signing_keys}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 Stores keys for use in the RSA signing process of attributes and authorisation tokens}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.RSASigningKeyRecord}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 idm_session_attributes}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 This table stores attributes required for a user session. There will be multiple records for a sessionId. The table is configured with a TTL of 2 hours, ensuring expired session data is deleted.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.SessionAttributesRecord}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.CustomerAttribute (embedded document)}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 The value field in the CustomerAttribute document is encrypted}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 idm_session_iaal}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 This table records the IAAL for the session. This is Identity Authentication Assurance Level with levels 0 to 2, and is the measure of trust in the Authentication Provider. The table is configured with a TTL of 2 hours, ensuring expired session data is deleted. The IAAL is updated when a customer performs a StepUp.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.SessionIAALRecord}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 idm_verification_group}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 The Verification Group records a single verification session. All Verification Events that occurred at the same time are grouped under a single Verification Group. It contains a list of VerificationEvent}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 A Verification Event stores the details of one "Document" being verified. When the verification event was created by a Document Verification Service, this will be real documents such as "Qld Drivers Licence" or "Australian Passport". When the verification event records the storage of trusted attributes from a remote source such as some trusted department or agency, it will describe an artificial "Attribute Container" used to represent the trusted agency as a source of verification. It contains a list of AttributeUsed.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 AttributeUsed provides the link between Verification Events and the customer attributes verified by that event. It allows software to quickly locate verification events that are associated with a specific customer attribute. It also stores meta data about the attribute at the time of use in the verification process.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 Note: the value of an attribute used in the verification process is not stored in this table.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.VerificationGroup}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.VerificationEvent (embedded document)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf3\cb2\highlight2 class }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2 au.gov.qld.idm.neo.identity.model.dynamo.AttributeUsed (embedded document)}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\cb2\highlight2}